What's going on?
Separate immediately
Xu Zhengyi, just wait and beg on the street
Hahaha, are you still a drama?
Longjingtian, if you are really so good
You can make fun of your women and children
Humiliated for 5 years
Obviously I can't get along outside
Just came back to eat soft rice again
Also learn from the overbearing president
Bankruptcy at every turn
You don't pee. Take a picture of yourself
Do you deserve a minute at most?
I'd like to see if you can still laugh
Your family didn't provoke you
Why are you humiliating us?
Mr. Ye Fan
If it weren't for your appearance
I will be snatched school flower smooth
I will be your stand-in
I just want to show you today.
How miserable you are
How good I am
Husband, let's go buy a car
Let Ye Fanxing be envious to death
Hurry up and swipe my card to buy this car for me
But
This car has just been bought by Mr. Long
Are you still acting?
Because I really believed he could afford it
Manager, you ask him to swipe the card.
He doesn't have a dime in his card now.